And that's a, is that, is John Siena in trouble for selling his forge?
I don't think.
So. I don't think the contract is.
Enforceable. You don't think so? I I'm.
Just going by what I've.
Read, tell it, tell people what the story is.
So to get one of the new Ford GTS, right? Um, it's,
what's called a homologation race car. Okay.
So they wanted to go when the 24 hours of Lamar in a certain class,
the LM GTE class, in order to race in that class,
it has to be a street car, right?
So you have to build a certain number of street cars.
You can't just build a dedicated race car.
That would be called the prototype class. Okay. So they had to build,
I think the number is 499, that's 400 and something 4 50, 4 99,
whatever it is for decides that the demand will outstrip the supply
and there rather than, you know,
highest bittering or whatever they make you like apply. So you,
you have to be a social media star or a celebrity or
someone you had to like,
tell them why you should have a Ford GT and what you were going to do with it,
and how you were going to share your Ford GT with the world.
And then they would decide that you had earned the right to buy their
$450,000 car. Jesus.
And it came with a contract that you couldn't sell it for two years.
They didn't want people flipping them. Right.
Which apparently is exactly what John's seen when it did.
Must be so rich. Like why would,
why would he violate the contract for a couple of years?
I've never met John CCC. Huge. Is he a really.
Enormous, how huge is he? Like high, enormous while he's just enormous,
like width. I bet he's probably only like six, three or 6, 4 64.
He can't fit in it. So if he took delivery and can't fit in it,
that's probably why he would get rid of it rather than.
Tall. Mr. Scene is I'm.
Six, three. When my head hit the ceiling.
Oh, that's probably exactly what he's probably six, two.
At least he seems like a guy who should be even longer and taller than he
is because he's so thick.
It's almost like they chopped off a foot of his arms in every place on a
giant. But his wrists are like tree trunks. Hilarious. Six foot, two 50. Yeah.
So.
He probably be close.
It'd be close. Six foot, two or six foot, six foot, 250 pounds. Oh, he's.
Shorter. Shorter than I thought. Well, I don't know why he sold it, but he did.
Maybe, even for him, if it's two inches for you, maybe he felt squashed.
Look, I drove it for one day. I don't know what it,
what kind of sacrifices to buy it, but I.
Think like me might be a good car for you. Good for you.
So the seed is fixed and the pedals and steering wheel are adjustable.
You can adjust the seat. How bizarre?
Yeah. The pedals come to you. Yeah. I don't think I like that.
That's what you gotta do, man. It's what you have to do. Cause the car,
the shape of the car dictates that the seat back angles.
I can't, but camp can't you just make the seat, slide up.
Put the seat on school.
Like a seat. No, you can't. The car is so low. You did see a seat.
Rail is like inches.
Precious inches. Precious inches. Yeah.
The roof is 43 inches from the ground. That's like this. Whoa, it's.
So low.
It's that low? It's 43 inches from the roof to the ground. Yeah.
Compared to all the car at one Lamar, by the way in the year was supposed to,
wow.
You park it next to a nine 11 and nine 11 is like six inches taller
than one of these things. If that makes a really big difference.
The 24 hours of Lamar, you're talking 200 mile an hour straightaway speeds.
Like that's a huge difference.
So they've designed the car without seat rails to get everything even
further down, you know.
The dope looking car. I saw one that was black with red stripes. That was the.
That was when I was driving around. Leno's got the same color too. God,
that's a.
Pretty car. That's gangster. That's a pretty.
Car carbon fiber wheels, which are lovely, um,
carbon fiber wheels.
So there's two kinds of weight in a car they're sprung weight and unsprung
weight. What's what's that mean? So sprung weight is weight.
That is most of what you think of as the car, the engine,
the body, anything that is sprung on the suspension,
unsprung weight is weighed on the car that is not sprung on the suspension.
So wheels, brake, rotors tires,
suspension components that aren't sitting on the suspension, right?
So it's like a rough calculation,
but like roughly one pound of unsprung weight
will translate the feeling of five pounds of sprung weight.
So meaning like if you are able to pull 20 pounds of unsprung weight out of
your car,
each wheel is four pounds is five pounds lighter than a stock wheel. Okay.
So you're not about 20 pounds. Unsprung weight at your car.
Your car will feel like you pulled a hundred pounds out of it and it will stop.
Start accelerate, turn better commute.
Uh, totally in all our it'll perform better in all areas.
So to go from a forged aluminum wheel,
which is 23 or 24,
25 pounds a wheel to a carbon fiber wheel, that's like 11 pounds a wheel.
You you're pulling so much on sprung weight out of the car. It'll feel like,
you know, swinging a baseball bat with a weight on it.
And then just throwing that weight away. Wow. Yeah. Massive, massive,
massive, massive, massive difference. And the wheels are.
Oh, expense. I would imagine like how many companies may carbon fiber wheels on.
Y called the carbon revolution and they're from Australia.
Though. They only make them for the.
[Inaudible]
. You can buy the wheels. They have fitments for a few different cars. Porsche GT three is one.
Um,  and they make them for Ford.
Will you do me a favor, Jamie,
and pull up the photo of that black Ford GT with the red stripes.
It's on my Instagram. If you have my Instagram handy, the one I drove off.
Um.
Incredibly the,
the road presence is just seen and it makes noises that only.
God.
It makes noises that only race cars make. There's a specific sound like,
you know,
the pops and crackles you get from most of these modern cars when they dumped
the fuel in the exhaust and. And it's just, it's cool.
But it's a synthetic [inaudible] sound. It's programmed. This does that.
Not programmed. It's just like fuel into header, bang.
Wow. It's just sorry. Scars.
And this goes for like $500,000, four 50, if you can get one,
but you can't get what you can't get unless, you know, Johnson.
Uh, the root, I mean the rumor is he got like over a million for his butt.
Oh. So somebody ordered, well, that makes sense. Flipped it. Yeah.
He flipped it. Yeah. And so they're suing him.
Yeah. I, I read that it was thrown out.
They sued him for breach of contract for selling it. But he,
he claims or claimed that the contract didn't say he couldn't sell it. Oh.
So it was a verbal.
Agreement or something. I don't know.
Maybe it was one of those things they just hoped nobody would call them out on.
And uh, maybe it's unenforceable, you know what I mean? How,
how do they sell you something and then enforce that you can't sell the thing
you bought.
Know, you can't do that. You really, you literally can't do that.
I don't think that's enforceable.
I think once the contract is signed in and you take possession of this object,
that's yours to do whatever you want. I, I.
Think morally, I.
Agree. This is America, but for hats off,
you made a dope car. That thinks amazing.
[Inaudible] extremely crazy. It really in it it's,
it's unlike anything else on the road. Because even, even the, um, the very,
very high end Supercars, you know,
your Lamborghini Aventador is that are 400 grand and your V12 Ferrari's and all
that stuff are fundamentally their road cars. And even when you,
they go racing with them, they,
they sort of take the road car and modify it for racing.
This is so clearly a race car that they had to build some street
cars, you know? Wow. And, um,
it's rocking.
It looks amazing. It's got.
An air brake on it, the actors, I mean, so go back to the rear picture. Yeah.
So the wing, the whole wing that,
that whole wing that goes across the back there lifts.
Up when you hit.
The brakes. Well, it lifts when you start driving quick,
it lifts up and becomes a wing wing. And then when you hit the brakes,
it flips up and becomes, uh, an actual air brake.
And it is extremely effective. I would imagine what it does. Is it, you know,
when you break the card nose dives, it completely eliminates the dive.
So the car just squats straight down. Wow.
It's wild. It's gorgeous. Yeah. Are they going to keep making them?
I don't. I don't think.
So. Why not forward?
I find a guest. They lose money on every single one they make. If I had to.
Guess kind of a word, we in here, I know Trump.
I thought you were going to fix all this. I thought that was party platform.
That's what I heard. It's going to make America great again.
Uh, the, we, we, the, the glow, the car economy is,
it's such a global economy like American.
Like we make a bunch of like the hell cats are built, like in Canada.
And like we make BMW X fives in South Carolina.
Well, we made a Ford, uh, Tundras in Texas. That's what he meant.
Toyota, Toyota Tundra. Sorry. Yeah.
Toyota is make a couple different cars here in America. Right?
I just made a couple of cars.
I think Japanese automakers probably have at least as many auto workers in
America as American car companies do.
This is definitely the same car I was driving the press car. God,
what is great is just the buttresses. Like when it goes by,
you can see right through the side of the car,
you can just see the air there between the tunnel and the pod. That's so pretty.
Yeah. That might be the best looking car I've ever seen. It is.
So cool. And it was.
So fast as far as like American cars that literally might be the best looking
car I've ever seen.